in the land of Mordor in the fires of
Mount Doom the Dark Lord Sauron forged
in secret a master ring and into this
ring he poured his cruelty his malice
and his will to dominate all life
one by one the free lands and
middle-earth fell to the power of the
rig there were some he resisted at last
alliance of men and elves marched
against the armies of Mordor and on the
slopes of Mount Doom they fought for the
freedom of middle-earth
victory was near the power of the Ring
could not be undone it was in this
moment when all hope had faded that
Isildur son of the King took up his
father's sword
the one ring was lost for thousands of
years
now destiny has placed the ring in the
care of an unlikely creature a hobbit
Frodo Baggins
along with the help of his friends Frodo
set forth on a pedal astern II to the
land of Mordor to destroy the ring in
the fires of Mount Doom at the Dark Lord
Sauron has again emerged with vengeance
he commands an army bred before one
purpose to destroy the free peoples of
middle-earth
Sauron now desperately searches for that
which was his in ages past should Sauron
find the One Ring darkness sure once
again fall upon middle-earth